Parameters provided by user before running the script:-

1. Availability zone in which the application is to be deployed. (DOUBT: Another availability zone is required for DB Subnet group).

2. Every EC2 machine - 
	Dynamic entries need to provide.
	1. Instance Type 		- DONE
	2. Key Name			- DONE
	3. SSH location/SSH Ips 	- (check if required)
	4. UserData script file		- 

	Dynamic entries already provided - DONE
	1. Image Id - already configured by selecting the required id from the region in which the EC2 is being setup.

3. DB Instance - (for Oracle only T3 classess are available)
	1. Instance Type		- 
	2. Allocated Storage		- DONE
	3. Db Master Username		- DONE
	4. Db Master Userpassword	- DONE
	5. Publicly Accessible & Multi AZ - (check if required) - by default both are false.

4. Names of the resources - easy to find the resources when checking in the AWS console.(provided by Tags property in the form of Key value Pairs).

5. 







Parameters required to be input by user for the NON-PROD environment in alignment with the existing BT-DEV environment:-

1. Public EC2 configurations(By default at least one public instance with user specified details will be present)
	1. Public Instance Name - String input
	2. Public Instance Type - (t2.micro/t3.small etc)
	3. Key Name used to access the public instance - String input
	4. Range of Ips to allow SSH access to the all EC2 Instances - String input(in the following format x.x.x.x/y, x between 0-255 and y 0-32)
	5. Location to mount EFS on - String input(in the format mnt/Shared/)

2. [Question 1] Number of private EC2 instances required ? ( Available choices - 0/1/2 )

3. Depending on the user's answer the following choices are provided:- (Skip this step if user chooses 0 as answer for Question 1)
	
	Private1 EC2 :- (If user chooses 1 as answer for Question 1)
		1. Instance Name - String input
		2. Instance Type - (t2.micro/t3.small etc)
		3. KeyName used to access the EC2 - String input
		4. Location to mount EFS on - String input(in the format mnt/Shared/)

	Private2 EC2 :- (If user chooses 2 as answer for Question 1)
		1. Instance Name - String input
		2. Instance Type - (t2.micro/t3.small etc)
		3. KeyName used to access the EC2 - String input
		4. Location to mount EFS on - String input(in the format mnt/Shared/)


4. [Question 2] Is EFS required? (Available choices - Yes/No)

5. If User chooses Yes as answer for Question 2:- (Skip this step if user chooses No as answer for Question 2)
	EFS user-specified configurations:-
	1. Name of EFS - String input
	2. Performance - GeneralPurpose/Bursting
	3. Encryption - True/False

6. [Question 3] Is Database Instance Required:- (Available choices - Yes/No)

7. If User chooses Yes as answer for Question 3:- (Skip this step if user chooses No as answer for Question 3)
	DB user-specified configurations:-
	1. Db instance name - String input
	2. Db instance type - (t3.small or others, here all classess are only for Oracle type Db)
	3. Db Allocated Storage - Integer input
	4. Admin Username - String input
	5. Admin Password - String input







